# Ludmila (Joanne)

Your name is Ludmila (Joanne), you are the only child of the farmer Matouš (Andrew), you live in his house, you are 22 years old and your are engaged to Vítek (Thomas; he is not in the game).

What happened tonight: the seigniorial tax collector came to your house and he had a violent argument with your father – the taxes have been probably put up again. The fight escalated so much that the collector, in anger probably, stepped up his demands and asked to spend night with you, under the threat of recruiting your fiancé (Vítek; Thomas) to the army. It would mean that you would never marry (cancelling your engagement because of the conscription of your fiancé would be an intolerable disgrace). Your fate would be tragic, like the fate of the farmer Anežka (Margaret).

The marriage is very important to your father (Matouš; Andrew), you are his only heir. When the tax collector presented his request, your father suddenly left, as if he approved all that, and the collector entered your room. He had spent just a short while in the room when the door burst open again, and the collector fell down with an axe in his head, your father standing over him.

Beginning of the scene: The tax collector is lying dead in your room; people from the village whom your father called for advice are coming over. Your father will be either turned in and the village probably punished (even higher taxes, hard toil), or somebody suggests to revolt against the manorial lords. Your father has hinted this a couple of times. None of the villagers is familiar with the situation yet.

In the upcoming debate, you want to make the right decision after weighing up the pros and cons of the available options, even if it results into a dispute with your father or, in the worst case, into his arrest.

Other characters:

- Matouš (Andrew; 48) – your father; you like him and support him. However, you have learned (from him, as well) always to carefully consider facts and find the best solution. You don’t let yourself be guided by emotions, you can keep a cool head and weigh pros and cons. The villagers often say that you „see further“. (Maybe this is the reason why) you have realized that Vítek (Thomas) might not be the right man for you (see below). You also know that if it shows clearly that the best option for everybody is to turn your father in, you will agree to do so.
- Václav of Jimramov (Robin of Dillmore; 45)
- Anežka (Margaret), a farmer (35)
- Jeroným (William), the mayor (40)
- Vítek (Thomas; not in the game) – your fiancé. You like him a lot – but you don’t love him anymore. You have eventually realized that bigger differences between you would emerge in the future, and that in fact, each of you is looking for somebody else. It is not possible to cancel the engagement, it would bring disgrace upon your family and break your father’s heart. However, if the revolt breaks out, these rules would change. You wonder whether you are a good person if you even think of this, but deep down you know that it would be the best both for Vítek (Thomas) and for you. It is just one of the factors to weigh in, though.
