# Margaret, a farmer

__Your name is Margaret, you are 35 years old, you are in charge of your household and the farm after your husband left 10 years ago when he was conscripted to the army by the lords.__

Since your husband opposed to the manorial lords and was forcibly conscripted to the army, you have been obliged to take over the farm, with all the responsibilities (and respectability) it includes. Some of your neighbors do not respect you as a woman in charge of a farm; most of them respect you for your abilities to cope with all that, though. However, neither matters for you. Since you took over the responsibilities on the farm, you have understood how unjust is the way you have to serve your lords and to give them part of your harvest. The others, who have been in a rut for generations, are not able to see that, and they find it right. You know, though, that the life under the yoke of the nobility is essentially unjust and that people should be free and live according to their capabilities regardless of their birth.

__Tonight:__ The farmer __Andrew__ has called and invited you over, saying it was urgent. You know he is one of the people who share your opinions on nobility and you hope this will be the right moment to raise this topic among people.

__Beginning of the scene:__ you are entering the room.

_If you get the opportunity, you would like to address the topic of an uprising against the manorial lords. It is high time and you are sure that many of the others share your views, even though they do not say it aloud. The time has come and people from other parts of the manor would join in. You believe in freedom of people and you think that others only agree with the old ways because they have not known the real right to decide on their own life for themselves yet._

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Joanne__ (22)
- __Andrew, a farmer__ (48)
- __Robin of Dillmore__ (45)
- __William, the mayor__ (40)
