# Matouš (Andrew), a farmer

Your name is Matouš (Andrew), you are the most important farmer in Květná (Worton) and its surroundings, you are 48 years old. You have one daughter with your wife Maria (not in the game) – Ludmila (Joanne).

What happened tonight: the manorial tax collector burst into your house (he came yesterday to the village) and told you that the taxes have been increased again. It would be difficult to live through winter even with the existing taxes, let alone pay even more. You had a fight, you intimidated each other and eventually he requested to spend the night with your daughter (Ludmila; Joanne). He threatened to otherwise conscript her fiancé (Vítek; Thomas) into the army, which would mean that she would never marry.

In that moment you realized that the manorial lords were incorrigible and they would only bring injustice and suffering to Květná (Worton) and the whole manor. You left without a single word to the courtyard, took up an axe, came back and killed the tax collector by a single blow to the head. Immediately after that you took your coat and went out to call the villagers you find the most important.

Beginning of the scene: the tax collector lies dead in Ludmila’s (Joanne’s) room and the neighbors you have called are entering the house. You must tell them what happened and explain that the injustice caused by the nobility will never change, and that you must rise against the lord.

The uprising is crucial for you, any other solution would be tragic both for you (jail, execution) and for the whole village. Ludmila (Joanne), your daughter, should not live in such an unjust world once she gets married. The nobility have behaved worse and worse over a long time, they ignore people, they are beyond remedy.

Other characters:

- Ludmila (Joanne; 22) – your daughter, your only child. She is engaged to Vítek (Thomas), a boy from the village (not in game). You like her and you want the best for her, you try to teach her the right and just values. Her engagement makes you happy and it is important for you that your heritage ends up in the right hands (Vítek (Thomas) is a good person).
- Václav of Jimramov (Robin of Dillmore; 45)
- Anežka (Margaret), a farmer (35)
- Jeroným (William), the mayor (40)
