# the mayor Jeroným (William)

Your name is Jeroným (William), you are 40 years old and you are mayor of the village Květná (Worton). You are responsible for the functioning of the village, deciding disputes, handing offenders over to the manorial lords, and last but not least, you help tax collectors in their duty. You have a wife and three children (they are not in the game).

The village is like a second family to you. You know everybody who live here and you care for the protection, prosperity and development of the village, in good times and bad times – as now. You know that even though the last couple of years have been bad, the situation is getting better. You believe that the next year’s crop will be good again, and you are trying to focus on the positive things that await you in the future (the wedding of Ludmila (Joanne) and Vítek (Thomas), for example; see below).

Tonight: the farmer Matouš (Andrew) came over and insisted that you come to his house. He might want to discuss with you some matters concerning the upcoming wedding of his daughter Ludmila (Joanne).

Beginning of the scene: you are entering the room.

You want to help Matouš (Andrew), his daughter and the others you meet in the farmer’s house, if necessary. You try to support and develop things that can benefit the village.

You try to settle issues at all cost and sort them out in a just way, in order to save the village and protect its inhabitants.

You know that generally, people are in low spirits because of the crop failure. Especially Matouš (Andrew) is very critical and often blames the difficulties on those who are not responsible for it, and he cannot see the good things. It might be helpful to talk to him and try to motivate him a bit.

In general, it would be worth it to motivate everybody to cooperate more, show consideration for other villagers and to work together, so that the village can prosper. The village is like a child to you.


Other characters:

- Ludmila (Joanne; 22) – the daughter of Matouš (Andrew); she is engaged and she will marry Vítek (Thomas; not in the game) next year. She is reasonable and listens to her father a lot (and he listens to her). A wedding of the most important farmer in Květná (Worton) doesn’t happen every year, so it is a big event for the village and it might be a reason for a generally positive speech.
- Václav of Jimramov (Robin of Dillmore; 45)
- Anežka (Margaret), a farmer (35)
- Matouš (Andrew), a farmer (48) – the most important farmer in the village and its surroundings; his views are radical and you often have to settle his disputes with others because of that, but he does a lot for the village. Also, he is planning the wedding of his daughter Ludmila (Joanne) – it will be a positive event for everybody.
