# Ayahte Goothya

__Ayahte Goothya (54), a native activist, spokesperson and representative of the indigenous inhabitants__

Your people have lived through many changes and very few of them were particularly positive. You don’t really believe that any new change would bring any good.

The absolutely crucial thing for you are the lives of your people. It is clear to you that if a revolution starts in your country, your people will suffer the most as many times before. This is the reason why you support the view that the government should temporarily transmit the power to the army, until the crisis passes and everything gets back to the groove.

President __Bonovuelta__ is your friend that invited you over as a representative of an important minority and also because he has always appreciated your advice. You have never seen the other people before. You’re not really a star of parties, so you feel a little bit uneasy here, but you have much to say on the topic.

You support a solution that will be the most peaceful possible but you especially want to avoid a civil war that would certainly start after a successful revolution. You believe that it is better to temporarily sacrifice your freedom, if it saves your people and country from something even worse.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Diego Bonovuelta__ (47), the president
- __Alísia Vez__ (31), the president’s spokesperson
- __Rodrígo Hongrado__ (64), the chief of the customs administration
- __Luís Carlita Avuelo__ (25), a poet and intellectual
