# Diego Bonovuelta

__Diego Bonovuelta (47), the president__

You have peacefully worked on your lot of land for years, and then you happened to be elected president. You enjoy high politics, but at times there are moments when you feel helpless as you have to look for a compromise between what is good for the people, and what is good for the country itself. You don’t support major limitations of freedom and you also try to lisen to what the people say.

This is why you find it difficult to decide whether to hand the power over to the army. You are afraid that the power will be eventually abused. You would like to know how the public feels about the revolution and what would be the reaction of people to a practically immediate temporary restriction on their freedom, if it happened.

The meeting you have called today is rather informal, but the guests could help you decide anyway. You’re glad that this idiot __Avuelo__ doesn’t recognize how important the information he sometimes brings from the rebels is.

You definitely do not display your relationship with __Alísia__, but you like her and you sometimes appreciate some of her ideas and solutions to problems. __Ayathe__ is a woman you respect very much for her opinions. You often discuss politics with her when you are at your wits‘end. The commander __Hongrado__ is a man of integrity and your great assistant. He surveys all the cross-border trade that represents the major source of income for your country.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Ayahte Goothya__ (54), a native activist, spokesperson and representative of the indigenous inhabitants
- __Alísia Vez__ (31), the president’s spokesperson
- __Rodrígo Hongrado__ (64), chief of the customs administration
- __Luís Carlita Avuelo__ (25), a poet and intellectual
