# Rodrígo Hongrado

__Rodrígo Hongrado (64), chief of the customs administration__

You have served as a commander of the customs administration long enough to lose any illusions. Drug trade is the source of most of your country’s income and you approve of it – what else could this country export, after all? But what about the revolution? The revolutionaries are one thing – they must be got rid of. Most of them are young boys, dreamers who know nothing about life and who think they are going to achieve something groundbreaking. For that matter, you certainly don’t consider communism as such a functional system.

That’s why you have suggested to let the army sort out the planned revolution. The rebels will change their mind quickly! It doesn’t matter that the citizens will have to be restricted a bit for a couple of days by the martial law. What matters is to punish the disturbers of the peace. You are trying to press this opinion as much as possible. The country’s security is at stake! Any unrest in the country could also complicate the trade with coca – countries with conflicts are in the spotlight of the whole world.

You respect president __Bonovuelta__, but you don’t like that girl of his. You still believe that one must earn things, not to sleep one’s way up. And that rubbish about freedom – what a dupe!

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Ayahte Goothya__ (54), a native American activist, spokesperson and representative of the indigenous inhabitants
- __Diego Bonovuelta__ (47), the president
- __Alísia Vez__ (31), president’s spokesperson and, you think, his lover
- __Luís Carlita Avuelo__ (25), a poet and intellectual
