# Luís Carlita Avuelo

__Luís Carlita Avuelo (25), a poet and intellectual__

You’ve had a taste of the underground life in the night spots of the capital. You enjoy hanging around bars, and you meet so many interesting people there! When there were rumors that a revolution was underway, though, you laughed at those dupes. Well, not that you don’t like the idea that everything would belong to everybody – you enjoy discussing about the communist ideals and you support them. But to strain yourself for that? No way! The word mañana is so sweet… There’s no rush here, in this country. It’s you who has brought the information about the upcoming putsch to the party. The lads in the bar were saying that it was imminent.

You don’t really like authoritarian solutions, restricting peoples‘everyday lives is something that souhldn’t be done. The situation is not that serious. And the revolutionaries care for the wellbeing of the whole country, after all, don’t they?

You proudly state your ideals. You enjoy discussing with __Alísia__, you sometimes have a drink together. You’re also wondering what the Indian’s opinion is. Native Americans are quite poor, they would only profit from communism. You also see the opportunity to present your views to the president.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Ayahte Goothya__ (54), a native activist, spokesperson and representative of the indigenous inhabitants
- __Diego Bonovuelta__ (47), the president
- __Alísia Vez__ (31), the president’s spokesperson
- __Rodrígo Hongrado__, (64) chief of the customs administration
