# Julie Hayek

__Julie Hayek, the owner__

The owner of Prefona Ltd. You know that the panels the company produces contain levels of radon that are above limits because of the mine crushed stone that is used. However, you do not believe that the limit is exceeded substantially and you want to carry on with the production. It is your job, it enables you to make the company grow – which is something you enjoy – and last but not least, you can give jobs to people. At the same time, you understand the doubts. After considering the pros and cons, you now believe that the most reasonable choice is to continue with the production.

You believe in the success of the company and keeping a great job is also important for you, but valid arguments from both sides matter the most.

For the time being, you are determined to carry on. At the beginning, you will give a short welcome speech about the start of the production where you emphasize all the positive aspects of the production.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Charles O'Reilly__ – member of the government testing laboratory; he is in charge of accrediting the panels so that they can be produced. You know him and you also know that he understands the importance of the company for the region and for you personally. He trusts you, and that is why he ensured the production by granting an exception allowing the company to start the production without the testing laboratory accreditation.
- __Camilla Dahler__ – a very good student; you took her on to work on the development of the panels as a part of her diploma thesis. She discovered the radon issue and she wanted to talk about it with you.
- __Robert Symington__ – an influential local politician; he asked, through his secretary, to attend the launch party, probably to show off.
- __Peter Green__ – the production manager; he knows his job very well; you have worked together on making the company successful, and more success can come with the new technology. You make a perfect team.
