# Charles O'Reilly

__Charles O'Reilly, representative of the government material testing laboratory__

You are in charge of accrediting (or not) the new panels so that they can be produced. You know that the panels contain excessive levels of radon, but you granted the company Prefona an exception that "temporarily" allows the production until the official accreditation is granted. You think that the standard is wrongly set and that the region needs business development, so you don’t intend to deal with the accreditation anymore. A loophole in the law makes it possible to legally extend the exception interminably.

The only problem is that one of the copies of the test report that proves the harmfulness of the panels got lost. If it were made public, it wouldn’t be possible to carry on with the production (unless you decided to make a new, falsified test – but that would be a clear violation of the law).

You know __Julie Hayek__ and you respect her because she has been able to make the company successful. She is also dear to you as a person, and if there were no other way, you would be willing to risk your job and falsify a new test for her in order to officially accredit the panels and cancel the previous test, whatever were its results.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Julie Hayek__ – owner of the company Prefona; you respect her, admire her as a person and trust her judgment – that’s why you have granted her an exception for the production of the panels that in fact allows her to carry on with the production without accreditation. If there were no other way, you would be willing to falsify a new test for her that would officially allow the production and cancel all previous measurement results.
- __Camilla Dahler__ – a student, a research worker who has worked in Prefona on the development of panels as part of her thesis; she certainly knows about the problems with radon emissions.
- __Robert Symington__ – mayor of the nearest town Compton, a rather influential local politician with many valuable contacts. Your boss is a member of the same political party.
- __Peter Green__ – the production manager of Prefona; you have known him for a long time, he used to act on behalf of the ancient government-owned company Prefa before it was privatized and its name was changed to Prefona. You are on first name terms with him and you know each other a bit.
