# Camilla Dahler

__Camilla Dahler, a student__

You are a research worker. As part of your diploma thesis, you have assisted on the development of the new technology. That is how you discovered that one of the used materials (the mine crushed stone) contains levels of radon that exceed the authorized emission quantity. It does not exceed the standard significantly, but a person that would live in a building made of these panels for many years (several decades) would face health issues – a mild radiation sickness.

You have informed the owner of Prefona about the situation. But she has refused to address the issue as unfounded and said that it was necessary to wait for the statement of the government testing laboratory. Officially, such a statement doesn’t exist but you have managed to secretly get one of the certified copies proving clearly that the limits are exceeded. If the document were made public, the production would have to stop immediately – otherwise, the testing laboratory representatives and the company would violate the law. However, if the results were not published, the laboratory could legally extend the exception interminably.

You believe that in the present relaxed atmosphere it will be possible to speak about the issue. You are almost determined to make it public (you have the phone number of the journalist __Svoboda__, you only need call him and explain the situation). However, many things are at stake. (Would you be able to finish your studies? You would certainly lose this job…). These risks worry you and you hope to reach an agreement with the stakeholders. For example, the mine crushed stone could be replaced by another material or the production of the panels could stop – lives and health of people are more important.

<!-- TODO příjmení “Svoboda” je wordplay na hlavní koncept této duše (svoboda), tj. novinář by se asi měl jmenovat Freeman (?) -->

If the discussion were deadlocked (for 10–15 minutes or as you find appropriate), you would eventually use the phone and call __Svoboda__.

__Other characters:__

- __Julie Hayek__ – the company director, you respect her very much, she might be your future employer. She has flatly refused any changes in the panel production, but you must persuade her they are necessary.
- __Charles O’Reilly__ – member of the government testing laboratory; he is in charge of accrediting the panels so that they can be produced. You don’t know why he delays the confirmation of the results. Prefona now has a so called temporary exception that technically enables the company to carry on with the production interminably without the accreditation. Thanks to one of the employees, a classmate of yours, you have secretly obtained documents according to which the results are not OK. After the publication of these documents the production would have to be terminated.
- __Robert Symington__ – mayor of the nearest town Compton, a rather influential local politician with many valuable contacts.
- __Peter Green__ – the production manager; he loves his job and is full of enthusiasm for the company; he knows all the employees. He communicates with your college and is responsible for the evaluation of your work.
