# Robert Symington

__Robert Symington, mayor of Compton__

You are an influential local politician and mayor of the nearest major town, Compton. You mainly wish to learn about the situation of the factory, operation of the company, its influence in the region and impact on employment, and to possibly transmit the information to voters (or to give them the information that would strengthen your position in their eyes).

<!-- TODO nemělo by v první větě být místo “…town, Compton.” spíš “town of Compton” nebo “town called Compton” ? -->

Even more important might be to strengthen good relations with the company management, establish contacts and possibly make an impression on the employees as part of your election campaign.

If you find the company very perspective, it would be possible to talk with the director about subsidies in exchange for creating more jobs and enlarging the production, which would benefit both your campaign and the region – there is a severe lack of opportunities.

On the contrary, if you find some very capable people at the meeting with the stakeholders, keep in mind that you look for a construction secretary – they would have a wide-ranging competence in the office and it is a very well paid position.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Julie Hayek__ – director of the company, probably the most useful person – your secretary contacted her to arrange your attendance at the production launch party.
- __Charles O’Reilly__ – member of the government material testing laboratory; you don’t know each other. However, the director of the testing laboratory is a member of your party and you sometimes see each other at the meetings.
- __Camilla Dahler__ – a student that assists on the development of materials and does her diploma thesis in the company. You know the dean of the construction faculty she studies at.
- __Peter Green__ – the production manager; a person that probably knows the best what is going on in the company and knows the employees in person.
