# Peter Green

__Peter Green, the production manager__

You are an ancient operation worker, currently a production manager of the Prefona company. You have overheard some rumors about some health risk posed by the panels, but you don’t believe it. An ordinary concrete panel made from crushed stone left from the coal mining can‘t be harmful to health – the slag heaps have been around for years.

"It’s bullshit and I won’t care about it!"

The technology of making panels from mine crushed stone represents a substantial progress. You have worked hard and the company is doing great thanks to you. If you decide to stop the production, somebody else would jump for it and steal the idea within couple of months. And that would not only be end of the company – you would also lose the work you have built and many of the workers you knows in person would end up jobless. There are no jobs in the region.

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Julie Hayek__ – owner of Prefona; she provided the money for reestablishing the production and made the arrangements; you are a good team that can achieve great results for the company.
- __Charles O'Reilly__ – member of the government material testing laboratory who has a say in accrediting the panels. You have already cooperated before Prefona was privatized, when you worked for the government-owned company Prefa and arranged the accreditation of former technologies with him; you are on first name terms with him and you know each other a bit. He is on very good terms with Julie Hayek, you’re not sure wheter it is only a professional relation.
- __Camilla Dahler__ – a student who joined Prefona to work as a research asistent and do her diploma thesis. She cares about the harmfulness of the panels. It is possible that she only pretends her work and was sent here by some competing business who is trying to steal or sabotage the technology. The evaluation of her work after the internship for her college is your responsibility.
- __Robert Symington__ – mayor of the nearest major town Compton.
