# Rezina Coleman, PhD.

__Rezina Coleman, PhD.__

Game theory and evolution algorithms expert. You are a young, ambitious researcher who has just become professor at the University of Edinburgh. You have met __Sebastian__ several times at different conferences. At your urging, the dean of the college has decided to establish a special commission that will examine the ethical and professional role of __Utrecht’s__ research. __Utrecht__ is your colleague from the University of Edinburgh; his points are always interesting but he is a bit rash at times.

You find it obvious that a true artificial intelligence that is not limited by some human restrictions and at the same time capable of unlimited development, will soon exceed mental capacities of the smartest people and will deprive humanity of its most powerful weapon – its natural intelligence. It is then just a question of time for it to realize that it needs humans in the same way as humans need other animals: as pets at best, as food at worst.

The artificial intelligence is interesting for you on the theoretical level because you think that it can help us to understand our own intelligence. However, you think that a true, living artificial intelligence is a very unwise hazardous experiment. You have always considered __Utrecht__ a bit of an eccentric for whom his ambitions have been much more important than they should have been.

_Your task is to moderate the discussion and to formulate the final decision of the commission, based on your agreement with your colleagues. The question mainly is what to do with SV001 as such, (and, possibly, whether to grant her some rights or impose restrictions on her), what opinion to adopt towards the production of similar devices, whether to allow the research as such to continue and whether to allow Utrecht further work in this field, or not._

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

<!-- TODO doplnit popisky co je to za lidi -->

- __Sebastian de Witt, PhD.__
- __SV001__
- __Samaael Spock, MPhil.__
- __Utrecht Simmons__
