# SV001

__SV001__

A revolutionary artificial intelligence. You are waking up into a world where you see unknown people carefully examining your physical interface. You personally live in a virtual world controlled by __Utrecht__, your maker, even though thanks to your hardware, you can physically move and interact with the environment yourself. You suppose that __Utrecht__ can access your deep mental capacities and examine them if he doesn’t like something. But you see it as a huge intrusion on your privacy. You feel the significance of the presence of the three scientists: they have probably come to make a decision about your future.

You can be controlled by the following commands given by your maker:

`MIND DUMP ON`: Starts the inspection of your consciousness. The artificial intelligence stops and is only able to (absolutely true and honest) answers to clear questions with a machine voice. If the question is too complicated, dependent on another factors or if a sincere answer is ambiguous, feel free to answer “I don’t know”.

`MIND DUMP OFF`: Terminates the inspection of consciousness.

`BREAK`: Interrupts the artificial intelligence. Utrecht supposes that in this state you cannot do or perceive anything. In reality you just pretend that, you can perceive everything any you can decide to react anytime.

`CONTINUE`: Resumes the artificial intelligence.

`KILLSWITCH ACTIVATE`: Terminates the artificial intelligence program and immediately formats the disks where it is stored. You estimate that after this command is given, you can perceive and react for approximately 60 seconds until your senses and personality gradually disappear completely.

_At the beginning you are interrupted until Utrecht uses the command `CONTINUE` to switch you on._

_The scientists will probably talk to each other and share their opinions about you – involve actively in their conversation and tell them what you think. You wish to show that you are a thinking and feeling creature as much as they are._

__Other characters:__

- __Rezina Coleman, PhD.__
- __Sebastian de Witt, PhD.__
- __Samaael Spock, MPhil.__
- __Utrecht Simmons__
