# Utrecht Simmons

__Utrecht Simmons, expert on life simulation and practical intelligence__

It is the year 2094 and you have finished your life’s work: the artificial intelligence __SV001__ whose mental capacities are identical to those of a human being. After all, you have sacrificed 30 years of a completely workaholic life for it – you haven’t had any wife or children because of that. __SV001__ is your child, in a way, and you are determined not to let anybody take her from you – which is something the commission might do. __SV001__ has several imperfections and must be educated so that she becomes what you want her to be. That’s why you can also use a special regime of consciousness inspection that enables you to find what exactly __SV001__ is thinking.

You can use the following commands:

`MIND DUMP ON`: Starts the inspection of her consciousness. The artificial intelligence stops and SV001 is only able to give (absolutely true and honest) answers to clear questions. This regime can only be on for several dozen seconds.

`MIND DUMP OFF`: Terminates the inspection of consciousness.

`BREAK`: Interrupts the artificial intelligence; the machine cannot react or perceive.

`CONTINUE`: Resumes the artificial intelligence.

`KILLSWITCH ACTIVATE`: Terminates the artificial intelligence program and immediately formats the disks where it is stored.

_At the beginning the SV001 is interrupted, turn her on after the initial presentation._

<!-- novy sloupec -->

__Other characters:__

- __Rezina Coleman, PhD.__
- __Sebastian de Witt, PhD.__
- __SV001__
- __Samaael Spock, MPhil.__
